HOMEWORK.md, before:

# Homework Recap

> This file recaps all homework from the entire course

### Week 1

Week 1 had 2 assignments:

#### Lesson 1

- Submit a pull request on GitHub (Create a file named after yourself and write down what you learned in class)

#### Lesson 2

-  Secret Number

__Extra credit__

- Teddit Conditionals
- Quiz answers

### Week 2

Week 2 had 1 assignments

#### Lesson 1

No homework. Continue working on secret number and previous work.

#### Lesson 2

- API Assignment: Using Ruby Gems output the response from a call to the Mashable API

### Week 3

This week had 3 assignments

#### Lesson 1

- Object Oriented Secret Number
- Apartment Object Exercise

#### Lesson 2

No homework. Continue working on W3/L1 assignment.

### Week 4

#### Lesson 1

No homework

#### Lesson 2

- Create a Rails application. The application should have 2 controllers that render a view that link to each other. One of the controllers should pass data to the view and render it.

### Week 5

#### Lesson 1

TBD

#### Lesson 2

TBD

Commit message:

Add Week 5 Lesson 2 slides and homework for next class.

HOMEWORK.md, after:

# Homework Recap

> This file recaps all homework from the entire course

### Week 1

Week 1 had 2 assignments:

#### Lesson 1

- Submit a pull request on GitHub (Create a file named after yourself and write down what you learned in class)

#### Lesson 2

-  Secret Number

__Extra credit__

- Teddit Conditionals
- Quiz answers

### Week 2

Week 2 had 1 assignments

#### Lesson 1

No homework. Continue working on secret number and previous work.

#### Lesson 2

- API Assignment: Using Ruby Gems output the response from a call to the Mashable API

### Week 3

This week had 3 assignments

#### Lesson 1

- Object Oriented Secret Number
- Apartment Object Exercise

#### Lesson 2

No homework. Continue working on W3/L1 assignment.

### Week 4

#### Lesson 1

No homework

#### Lesson 2

__NOTE: Does not count toward homework so do not bother with this if you haven't started it by now__

- Create a Rails application. The application should have 2 controllers that render a view that link to each other. One of the controllers should pass data to the view and render it.

### Week 5

#### Lesson 1

Due Oct. 27

Create a Rails application for managing movies. You'll need a Movie model and a seeded database. See the Week 5 Lesson 1 homework folder for details.

#### Lesson 2

Due Oct. 29th.

Add controllers to your movie app and add the ability to view, add, and update movies. See the Week 5 Lesson 2 homework folder for details.
